Osbourne's Adventures - by Ana Marcu

A biologist by the name of Osbourne was very much interested in the workings of the living cell all his life. It dawned upon him one day though, that he has not seen much of the world, because he was obsessed with his microscope and notebook in his dark and quiet room. So he decides, just for a change, to go out and do something different.

Osbourne wants to explore the flowers that he sees outside his window, but has never smelled – Fragment 1
Osbourne wants to go on the moon – Fragment 11

1.	Osbourne puts on his forlorn blue hat, he takes a deep breath after hesitating a little, he throws open his front door and steps outside.

He will ask his neighbor to inspect his blooming garden – Fragment 2
He walks down to the lake to find some interesting specimens – Fragment 8

2.	George is only pleased to know that Osbourne is alive and well, so he offers him to spend as much time in his garden as he likes. Osbourne starts looking at the yellow roses and their strong stems, and wonders what makes this green ‘fabric’ so stern and supportive. Then he remembers that unlike animal cells, plant cells have cell walls that together provide rigidity and protection.

Osbourne then notices a most magnificent zebra flower – Fragment 3
Osbourne feels something hard underneath his foot. Looking at it, he realizes it’s a bone – Frgment  4

3.	He did not even know such life existed. The five petals each painted with red, black and white lines make a small, but magnificent flower. Osbourne suddenly realizes that he no longer wants to be stuck in his house, but rather he decides to become a botanist to marvel at some of the macroscopic wonders of the world.

4.	It’s rugged curvature reminds him of something he saw long ago. He rushes back to his house and opens up a dusty book, where a similar anatomical feature is drawn across the page. The bone he found a vertebrae of the Tyrocarnus dinosaur that roamed the earth a few millions of year ago.

But, wait a minute, it is not quite the same – Fragment 5
Osborne makes a plan for his new discovery – Fragment 7

5.	He measures it. It is larger than a Tyrocarnus vertebrae. He takes it to a friend he has not seen in a while, a few houses down the street, and asks her to tell him what it may be.

Osbourne visits Mirabelle – Fragment 6

6.	She takes it for a week, and examines it carefully. She realizes that Osbourne has discovered a new species of dinosaur. She calls it the Osbinosore (and hopes Osbourne agrees with its name). 

7.	He wants to dig George’s yard (if he would give up some of his flowers), to find the rest of the Tyrocarnus’ remains.

8.	There he is dazzled by the myriads of water lilies, all peacefully floating in the sun.

He wants to capture this moment in time – Fragment 9
He wants to come there every day while the summer holds – Fragment 10

9.	He rushes to buy canvas, paint, and paint brushed. Then he starts a masterpiece. His love for flowers starts to grow.

He asks a friend George to show him his own live masterpieces – Fragment 2

10.	And so he does.

11.	The problem is how will he get there? He thinks that if he will be the first human to succeed, it is worth to spend the rest of his life building a space ship that will allow him to go for a stroll on the moon, perhaps with his microscope. And so he begins, but we are not sure if he will finish it.

